Anytime, as I mentioned earlier,
you have these scenarios that involve security lockouts,
etc, it's very important to have tests that will test that out thoroughly.
So the test here is a bit lengthy.
So what I'm going to do is go through every step of it for you so we
can ensure that we've got the coverage we need.
So the first thing we want to do is arrange.
So in this case,
note that what we are trying to do is create a scenario
where there are multiple admins that are already registered.
I want to go back and look at my value of m. My value of m is two.
So I need to make sure that I have at least two but really
we want n to be much larger than the m value.
So I'm going to make sure that I have at least three maybe even four.
So let's go ahead and add one more admin there just to ensure that things work correctly.
Now notice that on the admins,
I'm using accounts and I'm not using my config.test addresses that I used earlier.
Just to remind you the test addresses are
just arbitrary addresses that can be used in code.
But accounts are the accounts that are
associated with Ganache here and are already unlocked.
So if you intend for the user to be creating a right transaction,
which in this case we do want them to be able to do a right transaction,
you want to make sure you use accounts and not test addresses.
So with that out of the way,
the next step here is we're going to go ahead and register these users.
So we haven't gotten to the part yet where we're actually
exercising our multi-party code.
This is just the arrange part.
So we're going to set up four of our users to be admin and
note here that we are using config.owner to make this call.
The reason for that is because,
if you go look at register user you will see that it has a require contract owner flag.
So the next thing is to get the current status of the contract.
Now why do I do that,
why don't I just set up the start status that I want as a static value,
either true or false?
Well, the reason is you're going to run this test
repeatedly and perhaps you might have multiple tests in sequence.
What will happen very quickly is you might have
your test code set up to change from true to false.
But then, the contract state has now changed to false and the next time you
run that same test, it'll immediately fail.
To avoid that and to make it more efficient,
what I do is first retrieve the current state
of the operational value from the contract by calling.
Then I set what will be the new state to be the opposite of that,
so the negated value of it.
So the new change status will be whatever that is not.
So that's our setup.
We've arranged all the variables and the scenario we need.
Now it's time to act.
So our action involves calling the set operating status function
repeatedly for the number of admins that are
required for the multi-party consensus to take effect.
So I have first here,
admin one and then admin two.
Now we know that is likely to work if my code is
correct but what we'd like to do is make this test fail first.
So I'm going to comment that out and first try it with
just one admin and see how that works.
Once that's done, our new status will be available in the contract and we'll fetch that.
Then finally we'll assert that.
We'll check what we changed it to,
with what the status of the contract is,
and that comparison will tell us if our call failed or succeeded.
By the way, you will notice here that in my test,
I'm using the async and await operators.
This really cuts down on a lot of promises and
other such code that can make your tests very verbose and harder to understand.
So I highly recommend using async,
await in order to run these tests
because it really cuts down on the code clutter that's there.
Let's go ahead and save this and run our test.
We expect it to fail because we have set m to two.
But although we've defined multiple admins,
our call value is only once.
So we are calling the operating status once and we don't expect that it will change.
So let's run our test and expand the size of my terminal here so it's easier to see.
There we go. So our first test which is related to
the registration worked and then we have a failure.
It says the caller is not the contract owner.
So where is that error coming from?
So notice here that we are changing the status from admin one, from admin two.
So what we have here is an artifact from a prior run,
and in that run we still had
the operating status setup with
a function modifier that required it to be contract owner.
So now we've got both,
a requirement that the caller be the contract owner and the multi-party consensus.
Obviously, those are mutually exclusive.
So I'll save that and run again and it should fail again but for a different reason.
Part of helping improve your skills in coding is to observe some of these failures.
Hopefully, we'll get one pass and one fail. There we go.
So our test has correctly reported that the multi-party call failed.
We expected it to be true but what we got was false.
So now let's go back and improve our test.
We'll go ahead and add that second caller in our multi-party scenario.
In this case, admin two.
Save and run our test again.
This time, we expect it to have two passing tests,
and we do. So there you have it.
So that's the code to implement a multi-party consensus in code.
Now let's look at what we've learned as part of this section.
So we learn how to implement what is essentially multisig for smart contracts.
We did that and we require such capability to prevent
one individual from arbitrarily performing actions on a smart contract.
The primary goal of this is to prevent theft.
But it also enables enforcement of specific business rules in code.
Now, let's take a quiz.
What is multi-party consensus designed to prevent?